1.我是做电子商务的？ I do e-commerce?

2你知道电子商务吗？ Do you know e-commerce?

3.如果电子商务你不知道，那么你知道线上购物吗？比如亚马逊，ebay，阿里巴巴，速卖通。
If you don’t understand e-commerce, do you understand online shopping? Such as Amazon, eBay, Alibaba, AliExpress.

4.你有在网络上购物吗?你们国家流行网上购物吗？
Are you shopping online? Is online shopping popular in your country?

5.那么，你在网络上购买物品你是根据什么进行个购买呢?
So, on what basis do you buy goods online?

6 是根据需求，还是每个商家的物品的价格，评论，销量进行对比，然后进行下单购买呢？
Is it based on demand, or compare the prices, reviews, and sales of various merchants, and then place an order for purchase?

7我所做的工作就是，帮助这些电子商务的商家提高他们商品的销量，跟做出相应的评论，来获得很高的佣金。
What I do is to help these e-commerce merchants increase their product sales, and make corresponding reviews to get high commissions.

8你一定很好奇，为何这样就能获得佣金。其实，这个道理很简单呀，现在大部分的购买者，都会货比三家，根据商品的评论，以及销量来确定自己要购买哪一个商家的物品。
那么，我们帮他提高销量，大大提高了他成交的可能性，这样商家就能挣到钱，所以，我帮他提高销量他会支付我一定的佣金奖励。而且，一天只需要工作20分钟，能得到100到500美金的收入。
You must be curious why you can get commissions in this way. In fact, this principle is very simple.
 Nowadays, most buyers will shop around and determine which merchant they want to buy based on product reviews and sales.
Then, we help him increase sales, greatly increase the possibility of his transaction, and let the merchant make money,
 so if I help him increase sales, he will give me a certain commission reward. Moreover,
 only need to work 20 minutes a day, you can get 100 to 500 US dollars in income.

9你呢，你现在从事什么职业？
What about you, what occupation are you in now?

10.那真的是很遗憾，疫情让很多人跟一样都失业了。我感觉跟你交谈很愉快，要不你跟我学习怎么给电子商务商家提高销量来获得佣金吧。
It is really a pity that the epidemic has left many people unemployed. I feel very happy to chat with you,
 or you can learn from me how to increase sales for e-commerce companies to get commissions.

11你的收入是否能满足你的生活需求呢？ 你有想过通过空闲的时间来获得更多收入，提高生活水平？
Can your income meet your life needs? Have you ever thought about earning more income and improving living standards through free time?

12你是在质疑我吗？你的质疑让我感到很难过，我相信帮助别人是一件愉快的事情，并且，从我们交谈的那一刻起，我们就是朋友了你说的对吗？
Are you questioning me? Your doubts make me feel sad. I believe that helping others is a pleasant thing. From the moment we speak, we are friends. Are you right?