 
 1.  您好，我来自新德里，我叫Shukla Manoharlal。您想在OMG工作吗？
     Hello, I am from New Delhi and my name is Shukla Manoharlal. Do you want to work at OMG?

 2. 工作方法很简单，只需要一部手机，收入就很容易，您可以在任何地方工作赚取佣金。
    The working method is very simple, you only need a mobile phone, the income is very easy,       you can work anywhere to earn commissions.
     
 
 4.  亚马逊卖家所有者，需要增加商店的销售量，所以我们只需要完成亚马逊商店的要求，并在OMG软     件上完成订单，业主会给我们佣金，每个用户每天可以收到30个订单任务，你可以在一天内赚取5%       到30%的佣金。
      Amazon business owners need to increase the sales of the store, so we only need to complete the requirements of the Amazon store and complete the order on the OMG software. The owner will give us a commission. Each user can receive 30 order tasks per day. You can earn 5% to 30% commission in one day.

     
 5. 工作内容：会员每天可获得30个订单，每个订单的价格不同，所赚取的佣金也不同，您可以随时将    OMG帐户中的金额提取到绑定的银行卡中
     Work content: Members can get 30 orders every day, the price of each order is different, the commission earned is also different, you can withdraw the amount in the OMG account to the bound bank card at any time  

 6. 如果您成功注册，将获得100rs体验，您可以先熟悉操作过程
     If you register successfully, you will get 100rs experience value. You can be familiar with the      operation process

 7. 注册链接
    Click the link to register 
    https://sharemake.yesburse.com/awoburse/index.html#/pages/login/login?r_code=f00a23

 8. 注册后告诉我，我会教您下载并开始赚钱
    Tell me after registration, I will teach you to download and start making money

 9. 单击此链接下载  https://omgfile.yesburse.com/apk/omg.apk
 
10. 点击链接并将其复制到Google Chrome浏览器，以将其安装在手机的桌面上，以便您登录。
     Click the link and copy it to the Google Chrome browser to install it on the desktop of your       phone so you can log in.

11.下载成功后，使用您注册的手机号码登录
     After the download is successful, log in with your registered mobile phone number

12.  如果您一无所知，可以随时向我发送消息，我会在空闲时间给您答复
     If you don’t know anything, you can send me a message at any time and I will reply to      you in my free time










   
