嗨，我朋友今天过得怎么样
Hi, how was my friend today

喂我认得你吗？
Hi, do I know u?

我认为我们彼此了解后会成为非常好的朋友。 我叫南希
I think we will become very good friends after we get to know each other. My name is nancy

很高兴认识你....你从哪里来？
Nice to meet u.... where r u from??

芝加哥，你呢
Chicago, what about you

温哥华
Vancouver

我下个月要来温哥华。 你能介绍一下我吗
I will come to Vancouver next month. Can you introduce me

哦....您是来这里参观还是工作/上学的？
Oh.... u r coming here to just visit or for work/school?

去见面并与我的团队聚在一起
Go to meet and get together with my team

去见面并与我的团队聚在一起
Your team??

是的，您没听错
Yes, you heard it correctly

你做什么工作？
What do you do?

什么团队？？
What kinda team??

我目前正在工作，但是很快就会再次上学
I currently work but gonna start school again soon

我想向您推荐一份出色的兼职工作，不要先拒绝它。 我认为您应该在决定之前先了解一下
I want to recommend a good part-time job to you, don't refuse it first. I think you should know about it before deciding

取决于工作。
Depends on the job.

你有兴趣吗 ？ 即使您上学，也可以工作。 与您的学习没有冲突。 它只会帮助你。
Are you interested in ? Even if you go to school, you can work. There is no conflict with your studies. It will only help you.

我想先了解信息
I would like to know the information first

我想告诉你，这份兼职工作是提高酒店订单销量的。 ，提高其排名和曝光率，并获得相应的奖励。您每天在平台上完成的任务越多，您的收入就越多。 您一定想知道为什么我找到了您，对吧？
II want to tell you that this part-time job is to increase hotel order sales. , Improve its ranking and exposure, and get corresponding rewards. The more tasks you complete on the platform every day, the more income you earn. You must be wondering why I found you, right?

是的，有点
Yea... kinda

请相信，这完全不会伤害您。 每天仅需半小时即可添加一部手机，以完成该平台提供的任务。 我不认为一个有进取心的人不应该拒绝这样的兼职工作。
Please believe that this won't hurt you at all. It only takes about half an hour to add a mobile phone every day to complete the tasks given by the platform. I don't think a progressive person should refuse such a part-time job.

看来您不是很渴望钱。
It seems that you are not very eager for money.

看来您不是很渴望钱。
It's just I'm not interested in something that I don't know much about

您的思想不是前卫的，应该更多地接触新事物
Your mind is not avant-garde, you should be more exposed to new things

当其他所有人都在赚钱时，您选择等待。
When everyone else is making money, you choose to wait and see.

这不应该发生在学生身上
This shouldn't happen to a student

您无需我注册就能向我展示一下吗？
Are you able to show me a bit without me having to register?

就像我需要做的所有
Like what I would need to do and all

我现在只是告诉您这份兼职工作，不是要您立即做。 我是一个非常尊重朋友的人。
I'm just telling you this part-time job now, not asking you to do it right away. I am a person who respects friends very much.

好吧...我不介意尝试
Ok... I don't mind trying

感谢您的信任。 我将对您的信任负有最终责任，我的朋友。
I thank you for your trust. I will be responsible for your trust to the end, my friend.

几天后，平台上将会有最新活动。 在活动当天，我将邀请您注册为该平台的成员，因为该平台将在当天向新成员发送现金奖励。 收到奖励后，您可以随时提取现金。
There will be the latest activities on the platform in a few days. On the day of the event, I will invite you to register as a member of the platform, because the platform will send cash rewards to new members on that day. After receiving the reward, you can withdraw cash at any time.

好的
Ok

请耐心等待。 活动开始后，我会尽快通知您。 我们不仅是团队成员，而且还是非常好的朋友。
Please be patient. I'll inform you as soon as the activity starts. We are not only a team member, but also a very good friend.

好的
Ok

你好
Hi

嘿！
Hey!

你今天过得怎么样
How was your day

只是有点忙于工作而已...你好吗？
Just been a bit busy with work that's all... how r u?

我会跟着，谢谢
I'll follow, thank you

谢谢你的理解！！
Thank you for understanding!!

你好我的朋友
Hi, my friend

你今天过得怎么样
How was your day

我很好，你呢？？
I'm doing alright how about u??

我今天很好
I am very good today

顺便说一句，您了解usdt吗
By the way, do you know usdt







