专业话术

1.嗨，我的朋友今天过得怎么样？ 
  Hi, how is my friend doing today? 2.我也很棒，因为今天我从平台上获得了回报。I am also great, because today I got a reward from the platform.

2.认识你我很开心。
  Nice to meet you.

3.你是做什么工作的。
  What's your job.

4.噢，那真的是太遗憾了！
  Oh, that's really a shame!

5.我是帮各大酒店提升虚拟订单销量的。就是帮助各大酒店在所属订房app上推广他们的酒店！提高他的知名度和排名。从而赚取相对应的报酬。
  I help large hotels increase sales of virtual orders. Designed to help large hotels advertise their hotels on their booking apps! Improve his popularity and ranking. Get corresponding rewards.

6.我准备向您推荐一份出色的兼职工作，所以请不要首先拒绝它。
  I am going to recommend an excellent part-time job to you, so please don't refuse it in the first place.                                

7.我认为您应该先了解它，然后再做决定。因为不管你的决定如何这都不影响我们继续成为朋友。
  I think you should understand it before you make a decision. Because no matter what your decision is, it will not affect us to continue to be friends.

8.我向您介绍的这份兼职，已经改变了许多人的财务状况。请相信我的盛情邀请！            8.这是一个很好的回答 / 这是一个很好的问题 This is a good answer / This is a good question
  The part-time job I introduced to you has changed the financial situation of many people. Please trust my kind invitation!

9.我在教我的朋友如何操作，也是兼职在做。所以我回复慢。对不起!
  I'm teaching my friends how to do it, and I'm doing it part-time. So my reply is slow. I am sorry!            

10.我的朋友，我可以问你一个问题吗？
   My friend, can I ask you a question?

11.您如何看待亚马逊受欢迎的电子商务平台在美国的推广...  
   What do you think of the promotion of Amazon's popular e-commerce platform in the United States...

12.我想告诉你这份兼职工作是促进电子商务平台的发展。这是为了帮助大型企业推广刚刚上架的产品提高其排名和曝光率。
   I want to tell you that this part-time job is to promote the development of e-commerce platforms. This is to help large companies promote their newly launched products to improve their ranking and exposure.

13.是想让你和我一起拥抱互联网，一起走在市场的前沿。
   I want you and me to embrace the Internet and walk the forefront of the market together.

14.真的很棒我们的平台正在招聘。您只需在家用手机就可以操作。每天花半个小时完成平台提供的任务，您就马上可以提取现金。
   It's really great that our platform is hiring. You only need to use your mobile phone at home to operate it. Spend half an hour every day to complete the tasks provided by the platform, and you can immediately withdraw cash.

15.您每天在平台上完成的任务越多，您获得的收入就越多。
   The more tasks you complete on the platform every day, the more income you earn.

16.因为该平台具有共享系统。我邀请新朋友加入该平台。该平台将给我一定的奖励，这就是为什么我需要你加入我的原因。
   Because the platform has a shared system. I invite new friends to join the platform. The platform will give me certain rewards, which is why I need you to join me.

17.每天只要半小时即可，一台手机操作完成该平台提供的任务。我认为一个有进取心的人不应该拒绝这样的出色的兼职工作。
   It only takes half an hour a day to complete the tasks provided by the platform with a mobile phone. I think an enterprising person should not refuse such an excellent part-time job.

18.希望我可以给你带来好运。
   Hope I can bring you good luck.

19.希望我耐心的分享能够打动到你。
   I hope my patient sharing will impress you.

20.平台每天完成的任务越多，将获得越多的奖励。收入会越来越高。
   The more tasks the platform completes every day, the more rewards it will receive. Income will get higher and higher.

21.平台正在上线谷歌商店的准备中，请耐心等待。。。。
   The platform is in preparation for launching on Google Store, please be patient. . . .

22.几天后，平台上将会有最新活动。在活动当天我将邀请您注册为该平台的成员，因为该平台将在当天向新成员发送现金奖励。收到奖励后，您可以随时提取现金。
   In a few days, there will be the latest activities on the platform. On the day of the event, I will invite you to register as a member of the platform, because the platform will send cash rewards to new members on the same day. After receiving the reward, you can withdraw cash at any time.

23.现在平台有分享活动注册就送现金。我觉得朋友你可以开始试一试。每天赚点收入。就像我一样又没有花多少时间。这会我有空，我可以教你。
   Now the platform will send cash when registering for sharing activities. I think friends you can start to give it a try. Earn some income every day. It didn't take much time just like me. This will be my free time, I can teach you.

24.下载应用程序后，您将了解更多有关该平台如何赚钱的信息。例如：我每天花两三个小时就已经能赚三百多美元。
   After downloading the app, you will learn more about how the platform makes money. For example: I spend two or three hours a day to earn more than three hundred dollars.

25.言语无法解释我对平台的感觉...但是我将永远感谢他，您的参与，可以和我一起去见证。
   Words cannot explain how I feel about the platform...but I will always thank him for your participation and you can witness with me.

26.没有亿万富翁是通过薪水来做到这一点。不要依赖月薪，我不会为您提供数百万美元，但我会教您如何在20分钟内使用手机赚取至少400美元。马上提现。
   No billionaire does this through salary. Don't rely on monthly salary, I won't provide you with millions of dollars, but I will teach you how to earn at least $400 using your phone in 20 minutes. Withdraw immediately.

27.如果您有兴趣，请下载该应用程序，然后单击下面的链接即可加入。。。
   If you are interested, please download the app and click the link below to join. . .

下载注册充值后话术

1.单击以下链接 下载APP 注册 即可加入开始使用.
  Click the link below to download the app and register to join and start using.

2.确实令人惊讶，但我仍然感到震惊！谢谢我们的优秀的平台。
  Surprising indeed, but I am still shocked! Thank you for our excellent platform.

3.非常感谢你的信任和支持，我和平台都不会让你失望。
  Thank you very much for your trust and support, neither I nor the platform will let you down.

4.有了这样的工作，您每天仅用一部手机和几十分钟就可以轻松赚到至少400美元或更多，你可以分享给周围的男孩和女孩和我们一起。
  With this kind of work, you can easily earn at least US$400 or more with only one mobile phone and dozens of minutes a day, and you can share it with the boys and girls around you. 

5.您可以教朋友和你一起通过自己的劳动获得报酬。
  You can teach friends to get paid through your own labor with you.


Thank you