1.你好，我是亚马逊OMGBurse应用高级导师，你是找在线赚钱吗？

  Hello, I am a senior lecturer of the Amazon OMGBurse application. Are you looking for online income?


2. 网赚非常简单，每天只需要花费几分钟的时间可以可以完成，只需要你的手机随时随地都可以完成

 Online earning is very simple, it only takes a few minutes to complete every day, and you can complete it anytime, anywhere with your mobile phone.


3.你的工作是在亚马逊OMG帮助亚马逊商家增加销量赚钱佣金，每天有30个订单，每个订单价格不同佣金不同，每天的佣金在百分子5-百分之30,亚马逊有无数的商家，有的商家店铺没有销量，委托OMG帮助增加销量赚钱佣金，商家看到订单不会为你发货，直接处理你的订单并且把佣金和本金退还到你的OMG账户中。


 Your job is to help Amazon merchants increase sales and earn commissions on Amazon OMG. There are 30 orders every day, and the price of each order is different. The commission is different. The daily commission is between 5% and 30%. Amazon has countless merchants, some merchants do not sell in the store, and commissioned OMG to help increase sales and make money. When the merchant sees the order, it will not deliver the goods for you, but directly process your order and return the commission and principal to your OMG account.


4. 在OMG赚取佣金需要充值500卢比匹配到价格相同的产品才可以赚取佣金，因为需要你提前预付订单的金额，订单完成本金和佣金退还到你的账户中，你可以接受充值来赚钱佣金吗？

To earn commissions in OMG, you need to recharge 500 rupees to match the products with the same price to earn commissions, because you need to prepay the amount of the order in advance, the order completion principal and commission are refunded to your account, you can accept recharge to make money commissions ?


5.现在需要你注册一个OMG应用账户，我会把注册链接发送给你，你复制到谷歌浏览器打开完成注册，注册完成我告诉你下一步如何做

Now you need to register an OMG application account, I will send you the registration link, you copy it to Google Chrome and open it to complete the registration. After the registration is complete, I will tell you what to do next
https://sharemake.yesburse.com/awoburse/index.html#/pages/login/login?r_code=110a23


6.我把OMGAPP发送给你，你复制到谷歌浏览器打开，下载完成登录上你的账户，登录完成我教你如何做。
I send you OMGAPP, you copy it to Google Chrome to open it, download is complete, log in to your account, log in is complete, I will teach you how to do it
  https://oofile.amason1993.com/apk/omg.apk


8. 登录上以后查看账户中有没有100卢比，请告诉我


After logging in, check if there is 100 rupees in the account, please let me know




